Add jupytergis-sync meeting notes 2025-04-15 (#71)
geojupyter/geojupyter.org: blog/20250415-jupytergis-sync/index.md

date: "2025-04-15"
image: "/assets/images/standup.jpg"
author:
  - name: "The GeoJupyter community"
categories:
  - "JupyterGIS notes"
tags: [jupytergis-notes]
---

:::info {.callout-info}
:mag: This meeting is _short_ and _task-focused_. Unfortunately, we won't have time to
introduce every new person to the team. Please attend core community meetings ([see
GeoJupyter calendar](https://geojupyter.org/calendar)) to meet the team and add your own
agenda items, and/or
[introduce yourself on Zulip](https://jupyter.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/471314-geojupyter/topic/Welcome)!
:::

# JupyterGIS sync meeting 2025-04-15

Please add new agenda items under the `New agenda items` heading!

- [Join us on Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/zhk-vygf-gke)
  - [What time is the meeting in my time zone?](https://dateful.com/convert/utc?t=4pm)
- [Previous meetings](https://geojupyter.org/blog/#category=JupyterGIS%20notes)

## Attendees

Your name / GitHub ID / affiliation

* Nicolas / @brichet  / QuantStack
* Gregory / @gjmooney / QuantStack
* Matt / @mfisher87  / DSE

## Status reports

## Requests for help

* https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/pull/631

> * https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/pull/630

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/pull/630
  * Nicolas: Require the user to pass a path in for now. Consider a future separate widget `GISSandbox`, with visual indicators that it's ephemeral, and perhaps a button to convert it to a `GISDocument` with a filename.
```

author:
  - name: "The GeoJupyter community"
categories:
  - "JupyterGIS notes"
tags: [jupytergis-notes]
---

:::info {.callout-info}
:mag: This meeting is _short_ and _task-focused_. Unfortunately, we won't have time to
introduce every new person to the team. Please attend core community meetings ([see
GeoJupyter calendar](https://geojupyter.org/calendar)) to meet the team and add your own
agenda items, and/or
[introduce yourself on Zulip](https://jupyter.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/471314-geojupyter/topic/Welcome)!
:::

# JupyterGIS sync meeting 2025-04-15

Please add new agenda items under the `New agenda items` heading!

- [Join us on Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/zhk-vygf-gke)
  - [What time is the meeting in my time zone?](https://dateful.com/convert/utc?t=4pm)
- [Previous meetings](https://geojupyter.org/blog/#category=JupyterGIS%20notes)

## Attendees

Your name / GitHub ID / affiliation

* Nicolas / @brichet  / QuantStack
* Gregory / @gjmooney / QuantStack
* Matt / @mfisher87  / DSE

## Status reports

## Requests for help

* https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/pull/631
* https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/pull/630

>   * Nicolas: Require the user to pass a path in for now. Consider a future separate widget `GISSandbox`, with visual indicators that it's ephemeral, and perhaps a button to convert it to a `GISDocument` with a filename.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Nicolas: Require the user to pass a path in for now. Consider a future separate widget `GISSandbox`, with visual indicators that it's ephemeral, and perhaps a button to export it to `.jGIS` file.
```

Still to avoid confusion if running again the Notebook.
